0.8.11
======

Eventlet can now run on top of twisted reactor. Twisted-based hub is enabled automatically if
twisted.internet.reactor is imported. It is also possible to "embed" eventlet into a twisted
application via eventlet.twistedutil.join_reactor. See the examples for details.

A new package, eventlet.twistedutil, is added that makes integration of twisted and eventlet
easier. It has block_on function that allows to wait for a Deferred to fire and it wraps
twisted's Protocol in a synchronous interface. This is similar to and is inspired by Christopher
Armstrong's corotwine library. Thanks to Dan Pascu for reviewing the package.

Another new package, eventlet.green, was added to provide some of the standard modules
that are fixed not to block other greenlets. This is an alternative to monkey-patching
the socket, which is impossible to do if you are running twisted's reactor.
The package includes socket, httplib, urllib2.

Much of the core functionality has been refactored and cleaned up, including the removal
of eventlet.greenlib. This means that it is now possible to use plain greenlets without
modification in eventlet, and plain old subclasses of greenlet instead of the old
eventlet.greenlib.GreenletContext. Calling eventlet.api.get_hub().switch() now checks to
see whether the current greenlet has a "switch_out" method and calls it if so, providing the
same functionality that the GreenletContext.swap_out used to. The swap_in behavior can be
duplicated by overriding the switch method, and the finalize functionality can be duplicated
by having a try: finally: block around the greenlet's main implementation. The eventlet.backdoor
module has been ported to this new scheme, although it's signature had to change slightly so
existing code that used the backdoor will have to be modified.

A number of bugs related to unproper scheduling of switch calls has been fixed.
The fixed functions and classes include api.trampoline, api.sleep, coros.event,
coros.semaphore, coros.queue.

Many methods of greenio.GreenSocket were fixed to make its behavior more like that of a regular
socket. Thanks to Marcin Bachry for fixing GreenSocket.dup to preserve the timeout.

Added proc module which provides an easy way to subscribe to coroutine's results. This makes
it easy to wait() for a single greenlet to complete or to waitall() for several greenlets.

wsgi.py now supports chunked transfer requests (patch by Mike Barton)

The following modules were deprecated or removed because they were broken:
hubs.nginx, hubs.libev, support.pycurls, support.twisteds, cancel method of coros.event class

The following classes are still present but will be removed in the future version:
- channel.channel (use coros.Channel)
- coros.CoroutinePool (use pool.Pool)

saranwrap.py now correctly closes the child process when the referring object is deleted, received some fixes to its detection of child process death, now correctly deals with the in keyword, and it is now possible to use coroutines in a non-blocking fashion in the child process.

Time-based expiry added to db_pool.  This adds the ability to expire connections both by idleness and also by total time open.  There is also a connection timeout option.

A small bug in httpd's error method was fixed.

Python 2.3 is no longer supported.

A number of tests was added along with a script to run all of them for all the configurations.
The script generates an html page with the results.

Thanks to Brian Brunswick for investigation of popen4 badness (eventlet.process)
Thanks to Marcus Cavanaugh for pointing out some coros.queue(0) bugs.

The twisted integration as well as many other improvements were funded by AG Projects (http://ag-projects.com), thanks!

0.8.x
=====

Fix a CPU leak that would cause the poll hub to consume 100% CPU in certain conditions, for example the echoserver example. (Donovan Preston)

Fix the libev hub to match libev's callback signature. (Patch by grugq)

Add a backlog argument to api.tcp_listener (Patch by grugq)

0.7.x
=====

Fix a major memory leak when using the libevent or libev hubs. Timers were not being removed from the hub after they fired. (Thanks Agusto Becciu and the grugq). Also, make it possible to call wrap_socket_with_coroutine_socket without using the threadpool to make dns operations non-blocking (Thanks the grugq).

It's now possible to use eventlet's SSL client to talk to eventlet's SSL server. (Thanks to Ryan Williams)

Fixed a major CPU leak when using select hub. When adding a descriptor to the hub, entries were made in all three dictionaries, readers, writers, and exc, even if the callback is None. Thus every fd would be passed into all three lists when calling select regardless of whether there was a callback for that event or not. When reading the next request out of a keepalive socket, the socket would come back as ready for writing, the hub would notice the callback is None and ignore it, and then loop as fast as possible consuming CPU.

0.6.x
=====

Fixes some long-standing bugs where sometimes failures in accept() or connect() would cause the coroutine that was waiting to be double-resumed, most often resulting in SwitchingToDeadGreenlet exceptions as well as weird tuple-unpacking exceptions in the CoroutinePool main loop.

0.6.1: Added eventlet.tpool.killall. Blocks until all of the threadpool threads have been told to exit and join()ed. Meant to be used to clean up the threadpool on exit or if calling execv. Used by Spawning.

0.5.x
=====

"The Pycon 2008 Refactor": The first release which incorporates libevent support. Also comes with significant refactoring and code cleanup, especially to the eventlet.wsgi http server. Docstring coverage is much higher and there is new extensive documentation: http://wiki.secondlife.com/wiki/Eventlet/Documentation

The point releases of 0.5.x fixed some bugs in the wsgi server, most notably handling of Transfer-Encoding: chunked; previously, it would happily send chunked encoding to clients which asked for HTTP/1.0, which isn't legal.

0.2
=====

Initial re-release of forked linden branch.
